# Reflection
+ Think about how the various authors in the readings so far make the case for how digital history arguments are advanced.
Digital history arguments are advanced from visualizations. The debate about it is around whether a visualization is valid as a standalone argument or whether it is necessary to use visualizations to justify arguments. I think it depends on what is being argued. For example, the digitization of numerical data into a flashy visual representation makes climate change (emission data) interesting to look at but in the end, it is just changing colors across the globe. The argument can be pushed in addition to the visual rather to reinforce the notion of what point is being made. A picture/visualization is worth a thousand words, but if your audience doesn't understand it, or misinterprets it, then you might be better off explaining your visualization. 
+ Think about the cycle of jumping from close to distant ‘reads’ or ‘views’ of your material, and the ways the stories emerge - or not.
I think there is a lot to be spoken from the way you observe things, not just from the perspective of digital history but as a whole. Stories can emerge depending on the scope in which you create a visualization. For example, my digital story from pictures on my phone are a macro perspective of all pictures on my device. If I had chosen a particular week/day for sample pictures, then the emerged story might be vastly different and might allude to a day of gardening rather than random bits and bobs. This is similarly discussed in the context of algorithms/programs choosing what information to display/visualize and what to exclude in the white paper.
+ What is missing from historical argumentation in digital history?
I think the confabulation in the humanities raises the question discussing the past as an aspect missing from history (digital included) is the *most* right answer for this type of question. What isn't recorded is theorized, but there is no way of knowing. What's left is to make up the bits in between what information exists and this is what's missing from historical argumentation. In digital history, for example, you might have more information about a given topic granted it is probably easier to track what happens in an online interface compared to real life, the reasons why might someone behave a certain way might still remain unknown despite evidence of the action.
+ What is different about this process from what you have come to experience as historians in other classes?
I think that the most different thing about this is the change in traditional work done. I am used to writing papers and reports of events/topics. I'm being pushed to use different tools to complete various tasks, some of which are likely going to be useful going forward and others not. It's the experience of trying new things, logging it and reflecting on it that differs from the typical experience.
+ How do the particular affordances of digital work change what you might know - and how you might argue it?
[affordances definition](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/affordances#:~:text=Affordances%20are%20properties%20of%20objects,to%20be%20turned%20or%20pushed.)
--> Affordances are properties of objects which show users the actions they can take. Users should be able to perceive affordances without having to consider how to use the items.
Affordances change what I might know from a dataset for example as a tool might be able to show me an action to take in sorting that dataset. I would argue this to be the case when discussing voyant for example, where I have options to select specific words out of a series of texts to display a visualization for example. What I learn from the visualization created by the affordance of a particular technology might change what I know, especially if it can recognize patterns in language, something I am not proficient in...
+ How much (or what) a priori knowledge is a requirement for digital history arguments to make sense to a reader/viewer/user?
I think it depends on what kind of argument you are making and the context. There is no one size fits all answer to this question. If an argument is particular and complex and the tools used to convey that argument are as such, then a lot of priori knowledge might be required to convey that information to someone. If the argument is rather straightforward and the subject doesn't require much proficiency to comprehend, then it might be okay to require less/no priori knowledge. Think of teaching digital history, making arguments for using certain programs, some may require priori knowledge to pickup before their use while others can be picked up with ease.
+ Or, think about what you found intriguing, compelling, and effective about the various digital history sites and projects you have explored so far.
I think there is a lot of potential with VR, and one of the works/posts describing a conference using them proves that point. What intrigues me is what kind of developments are being made for those who don't have the devices and how is their participation valued.
+ Tie what you find/observe to your own work.
My own work often revolves around repackaging and analysis of materials/research/ideas that already exist sometimes theorizing about what's in between.
+ With regard to your own work on the tutorials, reflect on your design choices and the story you’re trying to tell, or the interesting thing you’ve found.
I haven't really made any particular design choices as of yet. I have just been following the tutorials. The story maps were maybe the first open design choice from me. Granted I feel like I made something pretty lackluster, I'm thinking of doing something along those lines for the final project, in combination with other tools.
+ Critically evaluate the thing(s) you’ve made; perhaps show them to someone outside of this course and ask for their feedback.
To be honest, I think some of my work has been rather lackluster so far. I feel like I am only tapping a bit into what can be done with all the various tools and tutorials. I am looking forward to put it all together in the upcoming weeks for the final project/work assignment piece.  
